# RustyMineSweeper by Nathan Moes
## Mine sweeper in rust! Implementing using utf8 for emojis to display the status on the board. Interaction will be based on the command line mocking something similar to how chess is played (Think of knight to e4 etc) bombs, flags, and all the rest will be emojis! Score of the board will tracked and displayed once the game terminated from either a loss or a win. Initially the goal is to implement it using command line interaction but then to the web as well in the future. (command line only as is) Aka it will just use html for display of information to make it easier to interact and more appealing Some code of this project was copied over from the hw3 in Rust programming. Mainly just the board generic type. Much else has been modified and changed as needed
## Building the project is as simple as running cargo build. Very few external crates were used in this creation. Testing was done for all public functions used and are commented in rust doc. Testing for integration of the system was done manually with smaller test cases to ensure the overall functionality of the code. With more automated tests to be completed at a later time. Currently there is only 1 difficulty mode, but it can be creased by calling increase_difficulty() if desired on the board object. Increasing the number of bombs by ~10% for each level increase.
## Example use case, simply run cargo run -r. Follow the prompts for user input and continue to play the game. Selection is done with char, num co-ordinates for selection. The user can decide to make 2 types of moves. Either mark or select. Where select will select the given cell/square and mark it as user selected. While making a mark move will then mark the cell with a flag. The winning condition is a user has successfully marked all the spots where there are mines with flags. 
## What worked in the process of implementation of this project was the transfer of much of the work on a previous grid based game over to this one. With some overall functionality the same, namely the representation for the board itself as a 2d grid. Development for much of the project required some trial and error, but due to the game's simplicity it was not much difficulty.
## Things that did not go well: Implementing the web version of the game: This seemed to result in a shift away from rust code and a change to primarily html, js, and css. And as I wanted to keep this project as close to only rust code as possible, I did not end up adding this functionality (and time restrictions). Though, this may be due to lack of knowledge on the matter.
## For license information please refer to LICENSE.md file